# React Part 2

You need to finish the functionality of the app from the first part using **Redux Toolkit**.

## How the app should work

When user navigates to the app, the existence of the token should be checked. If present, the current user data must be loaded. When the data is loaded, the user should get to the main page with a list of all trips. If the token is missing or an error occurs, the user is redirected to the **Sign In** page. All the time while the user data is being defined and loaded, the loader should be visible.

### Header

When pressing the Sign Out button, the user should sign out and get to the Sign In page

### Sign In / Sign Up

In case of a successful operation, the token must be saved and the user must get to the main page.

### Main page

When user navigates to the main page, all trips data should be loaded and displayed.

### Trip page

When user navigates to the trip page, the relevant trip data should be loaded and displayed. When you click Book a trip button in the modal, there should be a request to book a trip.

### Bookings page

When user navigates to the bookings page, all the current user bookings must be loaded and displayed. When you press a button to cancel a trip, a corresponding request must be made. The card should disappear only in case of successful operation.

## Requirements

- you need to use ready api
- if an unauthorized user goes to any page other than **Sign Up** and **Sign In**, he must be redirected to the **Sign In** page
- user cannot submit the form until all fields are valid
- **Redux Toolkit** should be used to work with asynchronous operations
- loader should appear when loading data
- in case of 401 error the user must sign out
- when reloading the app, if there is no 401 error, the user must remain on the same page
- in case of all other errors or failure to perform asynchronous operations, the user should see an error message

## What will be evaluated

- functionality
- work with actions and reducers
- work with asynchronous operations using **Redux Toolkit**
- data encapsulation (component must receive data via props, local state only where needed)
- clean code

Maximum score: 9. You can get one more poing if you:

- deploy app to any service. For example, [Heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/)
- use functional approaches and patterns.
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## API

- `/auth`
    - GET `/authenticated-user` - get authenticated user
    - POST `/sign-up` - sign in
    - POST `/sign-in` - sign up
- `/trips`
    - GET `/` - get trips list
    - GET `/:tripId` - get trip by id
- `/bookings`
    - GET `/` - get all current user bookings
    - POST `/` - book a trip
    - DELETE `/:bookingId` - cancel a booking

For all requests except sign-up and sign-in, you must add an authorization header in Bearer format: <pre>Authorization: Bearer \<token\></pre>

You can see all endpoints, required fields and returned data in the documentation.

[Link to api](https://travel-app-api.glitch.me/api/v1)

[Link to documentation](https://travel-app-api.glitch.me/documentation)
